Subject ID,Affiliation,Number of Followers,Before Corpus,After Corpus
69,Democratic Party,75700,"Every resident in East Palestine, OH should receive Medicare For All. Libby, Montana, was able to do this due to asbestos. Their property value has also decreased and theyve experienced pain and suffering.  FYI, Norfolk Southern donates to BOTH parties!. ","Israeli host threatened genocide of Gaza, Lebanon and Iran. The US government is backing this every time they send weapons to Israel. @POTUS is the face of genocide.Israeli host threatens the Arabic world with  genocide, live on TV. ICJ RULES ISRAELS TREATMENT OF PALESTINIANS SHOWS DISCRIMINATION & THE OCCUPATION IS ILLEGAL. @joebiden @realDonaldTrump @RepJeffries @tedcruz sold their souls to AIPAC for a political career. Contact your representatives and tell them they support an illegal occupation!. JUST IN: ICJ Rules by a vote of 14-1 that Israels occupation of Palestinian territory is illegal and must evacuate settlers/immediately halt all new settlement activities. Hes right. A ceasefire also doesnt stop land expansion in the West Bank. Doesnt stop the torture of Palestinian prisoners. Doesnt stop apartheid either. This is why politicians are trying to limit the discussion to October 7th.Calling for a ceasefire or arms embargo at this point is farcical.  Then what? We go back to ""normal"" i.e. occupation until the next slaughter?  The only fair and legal remedy under intl law is decolonization. Anything else denies Palestinians, Syrians and Lebanese their land,. Israel just killed an American activist in the West Bank, and Trump is worried about Israel being doomed. I dont care if Israel is doomed. They spent decades dooming Palestinians.TRUMP: “If I dont win this election.  Israel is doomed. Thats a tough statement. Israel will be gone. ”. Biden has announced that Israel is LOSING Support due to indiscriminate bombing. Even CNN is admitting Gaza is a disaster. I have no doubt that had it not been public pressure, these statement would not exist.Israeli minister is calling for the replacement of Palestinians in Gaza with Israelis. This is so blatant and yet our government pretends Israel is doing everything to protect civilians.Khamenei, has issued an order for Iran to strike Israel directly, in retaliation for the killing in Tehran of Hamass leader. SHIT JUST HIT THE FAN!. HAARETZ  finally admitting IDF was ordered to use Hannibal Directive on October 7th!. BREAKING NEWS: ICJ SAYS ISRAEL MUST HALT MILITARY OPERATION IN RAFAH!. ISRAEL ORDERS ALL PALESTINIANS TO LEAVE GAZA. They have nowhere to go. Along with the approval of the annexation of the West Bank, this is full-scale ethnic cleansing. And our government is funding it.Israel vows to continue war after hostages are released. As I said before they want to ethnically cleanse the land."
13,Democratic Party,1000000,"Dershowitz said Trump asked him at dinner why only 27% of Jews voted for him when he strongly supported Israel. Dersh said he told Trump Jews also care about gay rights, abortion, climate change, gun control and separation of church and state, and he was terrible on those.For every Repub trying to blame the Admin for E. Palestine, I continue to cite Steve Bannon, who again today placed the blame every step of the way on DeWine & Norfolk Southern. Says the RR and DeWine did release & burn of chems because they wanted to clear tracks ASAP to get. Rep. Troy Nehls is in E. Palestine and assures everyone that the city’s water is safe to drink, then demonstrates it by drinking a cup of tap water from the China Cafe. “The Fire Chief, everybody says the water is clean to drink.”. Right-wing “independent journalist” who flew in to Maui (he also went into E. Palestine) after the fire is confronted by angry residents while live on Steve Bannon’s show, who said he is exploiting them for politics and using up precious resources.","The Republican Party wants to give Benjamin Netanyahu a blank check to do whatever he wants in Gaza with no oversight or questions asked. The fact that most Democrats disagree with that does not make them anti-Semitic. A large percentage of Jewish Democrats disagree with that.On US peace negotiations between Israel and Gaza: “The reporting is that former President Trump is on the phone with the PM of Israel urging him not to cut a deal right now because it’s believed that would help the Harris campaign.”. In Israel with a bipartisan delegation of US Senators, Lindsey Graham goes off on a Newsmax reporter asking him to condemn Rashida Tlaib: “You’re not going to screw this up! Get this guy out of here!”. How odd for Trump to Blame America First for an act of terrorism in Israel, without a word of accountability instead for his good friend Benjamin Netanyahu, who actually runs that country.Trump, 4 days after the Hamas attack on Israel, decided to rip Netanyahu over the Soleimani strike: “I’ll never forget that Bibi Netanyahu let us down. That was a very terrible thing .  We were disappointed by that - very disappointed. Then Bibi tried to take credit for it.”. Trump to Netanyahu today: “No president has done what I’ve done for Israel.”. Javanka on scene to negotiate an end to the conflict in Israel.Kushner Kleanup Time: Please ignore my previous comments that waterfront property in Gaza “could be very valuable.” I’m all about the welfare of the Palestinian people. Thank you. End of statement.In a few more hours, MAGA can come out of their bunkers, take off the camo, put their AR-15s, flamethrowers and grenades up, because the global day of jihad will be over.This is a very thoughtful, measured and perfect statement to make. Delivering it in Israel makes it even more powerful. It is inconceivable that Trump could ever make such a statement.Biden: I caution this while you feel that rage, dont be consumed by it. After 9/11, we were enraged in the US. While we sought justice and got justice, we also made mistakes… The vast majority of Palestinians are not Hamas. Hamas does not represent the Palestinian people.The pro-Hamas account ‘Iran Observer’ is promoting Trump’s speech last night where he called Hezbollah “a very smart organization.” Story …. MAGA, Trump & Vance have been telling us that the U.S. shouldn’t police the world and solve issues happening in other countries. But I guess this attack inside Israel is now America’s fault, and not Benjamin Netanyahu’s. I’m struggling to understand this ‘America First’ thing.With Israel hurting and reeling after a massive terrorist attack, Trump continues to trash Netanyahu, the Israeli government, and intelligence services today, doubling-down on his comments from last night.MAGA ‘Prophet’ Julie Green is holding a prayer session on her podcast where she says God will then stop the Hamas rockets or cause them to misfire.Rudy says we should have sent Navy SEALs and Army Rangers into Gaza to rescue the hostages."
81,Democratic Party,1300000,"Even Fox News knows that the deregulation by the trump admin were the cause of the disaster in East Palestine, OH. And Elaine Chao never visited train derailment sites, even when there were fatalities.OOPS! Looks like Fox News allowed a bit of truth to slip into their coverage of the train derailment story in East Palestine, OH — theyre blaming trump!!!  Be a real shame if everyone retweeted this.","While Democrats push for ceasefire and humanitarian aid in Gaza, Republicans like Rep. Tim Walberg call for the slaughters of Palestinian children, ""It should be like Nagasaki and Hiroshima.""  This should be a much bigger story.Good morning and Happy Sunday to everyone who would like to see this deal finalized to release dozens of women and children hostages from captivity in Gaza, and increase humanitarian aid.  Id rather see every last one of the hostages freed but its an important first step.Israel has a right to exist. Palestine has a right to exist. A two-state solution is the ONLY way forward. BOTH need to be free of terrorist violence, retaliatory violence, settler violence, and occupier violence. Free of violence, PERIOD.  Both sides have suffered tremendous. LATE NITE WITH BDD: Israel-Hamas Conflict intensifies, Rep. George Santos indicted AGAIN, Tommy Tuberville and Rand Paul BLOCKING State and Military, Elon Musk to remove likes, reposts, and replies. Identifying misinformation on Israel-Hamas.  Live on my YouTube at 10:30PM ET. WOW.  Senator Chuck Schumer called Benjamin Netanyahu ""an obstacle to peace,"" and ""too willing to tolerate the civilian toll in Gaza,"" and called for Israel to hold new elections to replace him.  Senator Schumer is 100% right.CEASEFIRE IN GAZA RIGHT FUCKING NOW,  AND NETANYAHU RESIGN.  Everyone should be calling for this."
76,Democratic Party,587700,"CNN had a literal lobbyist for Norfolk Southern on their panel to talk about East Palestine and didnt disclose it.A provision in Obamacare allows residents in areas deemed a public health disaster to be covered by Medicare for life. At the very least, East Palestine residents deserve this universal coverage after being exposed to a known carcinogen.Great work on this @heyjohnrussell. Thanks to @moreperfectunion for giving him this platform and not forgetting about East Palestine!. ","“With Gods help, children in Gaza will die thanks to us.”  Right wing activists in Israel are getting inside info from the military and organizing on WhatsApp to block and torch aid trucks and assault truck drivers. Police stand by and watch making no arrests.The targeting of Al Shifa hospital, is also likely to make it even more difficult (impossible?) to track Palestinian deaths and injuries as the office of the person who tracks and reports this data is located at the hospital. …. 274 Palestinians killed in a bloody massacre to rescue 4 Israelis (and possibly kill others) and this is being celebrated by US politicians as a win. Depraved.The only time the word ""Israel"" is even mentioned is in a statement from the IDF denying that they target civilians. Guess that IDF censor CNN chooses to operate under is doing their job.IDF Spokesman Daniel Hagari rebukes Netanyahu and admits defeating Hamas is impossible:  ""Hamas is an idea, Hamas is a political party. It is rooted in the hearts of people – whoever thinks we can eliminate Hamas is mistaken."" …. In this article about Israels mass maiming of children in Gaza, CNN fails to mention a single time that Israel is responsible for the fact that 10 kids are losing limbs every day. Instead they talk about ""blast wounds"" with zero responsibility assigned. …. "
19,Democratic Party,1500000,"On The Warning podcast this week, I spoke with @JGreenblattADL, the executive director of the @ADL, about the alarming rise of extremism, and antisemitism specifically, in the United States.  Catch our full conversation here:. 4. Hatred, Lies and scapegoating are on the ballot as is a growing and dangerous menace of antisemitism.   The American experiment has been under a growing assault for seven years. It is not abating and it has become a frontal assault that is occurring in broad daylight.CONGRATULATIONS INDIANA !   The ATTORNEY GENERAL of INDIANA embraces ANTISEMITISM and KANYE WEST who promised to attack the JEWS.  THE MAGA MOVEMENT IS AMERICAN CANCER. ","More than 100 people participated in a flash hora in Toronto to celebrate Jewish culture in the midst of a significant rise in antisemitism in both Canada and worldwide. What a great show of solidarity.  #stopantisemitism #neveragain. ""Israel will defend itself and America will stand firm by her side because the lessons of history are clear. Never again wasnt a slogan. It was the most essential moral lesson in human history.""  More of my thoughts on what the American response should be to Hamas attack:. ""If Israel doesnt win this war and doesnt do what is necessary to defend civilization, then we will have another ISIS and they will come for us.""  More on why we must stand shoulder to shoulder with Israel to defeat the evil of Hamas:. ""The corruption of one man in Israel has brought the whole world to the brink of war because his corruption and weakness stirred evil, and when evil sees weakness, it strikes.""  More on how corrupt politicians like Netanyahu and Trump threaten the world:. ""Today is International Holocaust Remembrance Day. The greatest crime in human history, industrialized genocide is remembered on the day the Russian army discovered what the Nazis created in Poland.""  Never forget. Never again.""The antisemitism at hand is shocking, but not surprising. Like always, millions of Arabs and Palestinians are being stigmatized as terrorists because they simply live, breathe and suffer.""  The chaos in the Middle East is terrifying, but we must be able to look past it and plan. "
51,Democratic Party,1600000,I know a few people in Israel right now wondering something.  Ill just say this: WE FUCKING WARNED YOU.The purpose of terrorism is to terrorize.,"If you think its bad thing that the leaders of Hamas and Hezbollah got whacked yesterday, just unfollow.Israel, Ukraine, and the Need for American Leadership. Does the Islamic State understand the fury theyve unleashed? The dread they should feel?   Tayqaeda is unleashed. Nothing will stop them.BREAKING:  Islamist terror attack likely targeting Taylor Swift concert in Austria foiled.  The authorities revealed that the IS supporting terrorists where planning to detonate, most likely at one of the three Taylor Swift concerts taking place in Vienna this weekend.  2 men. No, he doesnt.   This is a war of aggression and genocide targeting civilians brought about by Vladimir Putin and his corrupt regime, and hes clearly fine with it.My most interesting takeaway from the Hamas hospital own goal story just how rapidly an American anti-Israel horseshoe of far-right and far-left voices merged to echo Hamas propaganda."
17,Democratic Party,336700,"A month ago, @LeverNews broke open the story of governmental decisions that deregulated the rail industry before the East Palestine disaster.  Today, @SenWhitehouse spotlighted some of those revelations in the Senate hearing with Norfolk Southerns CEO.Corporate media has been lying about the East Palestine disaster by pretending Trump is the only perpetrator of rail deregulation.  The actual truth: The Obama, Trump and Biden administrations all played pivotal roles in that dereg.Imagine if wealthy investors had spoken out as forcefully for rail regulation as they spoke out for special depositor insurance.  Imagine if the government responded as quickly & forcefully to help East Palestine residents as it responded to help rich VCs.The company that made the toxic chemical that exploded in East Palestine funneled $2 million to Senate Republicans super PAC, and now the bill is stalled in the Senate: …. Literally everyone in Congress in February: “We must pass rail safety legislation.”  Six months later, after $2 million was funneled to the GOP from the maker of the toxic chemical that exploded in East Palestine. ","Harris needs to break from Biden’s policy of unwavering, unconditional support of Netanyahu’s government. A clear break needs to happen as soon as possible.here are examples of my ""deafening silence"" on Israel-Palestine. I am disgusted — but not surprised — that the Joe Biden who used his Democratic Party position to help lead America into the Iraq War is doing nothing to halt a potential genocide in Gaza.   The White House’s refusal to do anything is totally unacceptable.- Hamas terrorism is not justifiable/defensible.  - Israels violent response is not justifiable/defensible.  Most people in the real world Ive talked to acknowledge both truths.  Many on this website will not acknowledge both truths for fear that it may prevent a Twitter dunk."
58,Democratic Party,571900,"Fox News just threw Trump under the bus (or in this case, train) — pinning him with responsibility for the East Palestine disaster.Republican leaders are telling 2 big lies about East Palestine — here’s the truth:. ","Donald Trump held a SUMMIT with Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu.  As a private citizen. At Mar-a-Lago.   The Logan Act is a federal law forbidding private citizens from negotiating with foreign governments.  TRUMP IS BREAKING THE LAW — YET AGAIN. Donald Trump should be INDICTED — AGAIN.  PBS now reports Trump told Israeli Prime Minster Netanyahu to NOT agree to a cease fire because it would help Kamala Harris.  This is a violation of the Logan Act and should be investigated and prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law.Trump usually spends the summer in Bedminster, New Jersey.  Yet he met with Netanyahu at Mar-a-Lago.  WHY?  Because he KNEW it was a violation of the Logan Act — and wanted to avoid being prosecuted by the Feds in New Jersey — whereas in Florida he could draw Aileen Cannon again.Donald Trumps crime spree continues:  - Logan Act - pressuring Netanyahu to kill cease fire - RFK Jr. - promising job in exchange for endorsement - Logan Act - discussions with Putin on invading Ukraine - Holding campaign event at Arlington National Cemetery. Why is there not a cease fire in the Israel-Palestine war?  The #1 reason right now is because DONALD TRUMP has illegally lobbied Israeli prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu to refuse a cease fire because it would help Harris -- in blatant violation of the Logan Act.  THATS why.BREAKING -- Joe Biden announces CEASEFIRE framework, with release of hostages, and with both Israel and Hamas in agreement.  Culmination of months of work by Biden and the State Department.  But sure, go ahead and tell me how Biden has declined and should quit the race.BREAKING -- US and Israel will provide Patriot air defense systems to Ukraine, per a new deal that is near completion  This would TRIPLE the Ukrainian air defense and allow Ukraine to fully protect its major cities and strategic sites from Russian missiles  MASSIVE loss for Putin. "
66,Democratic Party,237100,#HeyNext Commentary: Its not fair to expect law enforcement to be perfect - or to predict the future. It is fair to expect law enforcement to use the tools at their disposal to keep people from getting predictably massacred.,"GOP State Rep Scott Bottoms, who said Jewish hostages held by Hamas needed to find Jesus, now says theres no such thing as the Palestinian people, theyre all just terrorists. #coleg #copolitics. "
65,Democratic Party,704200,Ramadan Mubarak to all of our Muslim friends and neighbors.Happy Passover to all of our Jewish friends and neighbors.,Wishing peace to all of our Jewish friends and neighbors. Chag sameach. #Passover2024. So sorry to see the senseless loss of life in Israel. My heart goes out to all who have lost loved ones.Happy new year to our Jewish friends and neighbors. Wishing for peace.Happy Hanukkah to all of our Jewish friends and neighbors. Wishing you hope and light.
82,Democratic Party,88800,"Get this: They found dioxin far above safe levels in East Palestine water and the federal gov wont clean it up because Obama killed EPA proposal requiring the gov to lower the threshold for cleanup.  Democrats ignored the science and people will die because of it.You cannot say you care about women in Iran if you dont speak out for women in Palestine.There was nothing ""controlled"" about @nscorps un-controlled burn in East Palestine. That was a chemical weapons attack.When the Biden administration sided with rail companies to prevent the workers from striking, they were siding with companies like Norfolk Southern, whose train derailment in East Palestine, Ohio sent plumes of poison gas into the air for days, putting all residents at risk.","Israel has resumed its genocidal attacks on the people of Gaza. Children are suffering the most as Israels forces bomb close to the largest functioning hospital left standing in Gaza. Biden is complicit. It is time to #StopArmingIsrael.   (report from UN - UNICEF spokesperson). ""Our focus is on damage, not on precision"" - IDF Spokesperson  ""We will eliminate everything. They will regret it"". - Israeli Defense Minister Toav Gallant  ""We are now rolling out the Gaza Nakba"". - Israeli Minister of Agriculture  Collectjve punishment is a war crime.Latest Gaza Casualty Numbers Total dead: 24,285 Total wounded: Over 60 000 Total killed, injured or missing: 1/20 Palestinians  Gaza genocide: brought to you by Israel, sponsored by Joe Biden and the US War machine. Are u fucking kidding me?? At least 400 Palestinians killed by Israel in a targeted attack on a refugee camp. Every US official supporting this has blood on their hands, but it starts at the top. Biden must resign. Blinken must resign. Not one penny more for Israel. #CeasefireNOW. Israel is increasing its attacks in the West Bank, an area not run by Hamas. The West Bank has no army and their citizens are defenseless. People are being forcibly removed from their homes, terrorized, arrested and shot. Bombs and bullets supplied by Kamala Harris and Joe Biden.""I wish I could wake up without hearing the sound of ambulances, or bombs.""  The children of Palestine are the most traumatized children in the world.  This is why we protest. Permanent ceasefire now. Permanent withdrawal now. Arms embargo now.“Im scared my hair wont grow back, how can i go back to school like this?”  Eight-year-old Sama Tbail has lost her hair due to the psychological shock endured by Israels war.  Poor girl. The cars were clearly labeled on their roofs and the aid workers shared their coordinates with Israel ahead of time to ensure their own safety. Israel knew exactly who and where they were. They targeted and murdered them. It was a massacre. Oh, and one was an American citizen.Innocent civilians have been targeted and killed by Israel. This has come out in Israeli press. We supplied the bombs despite this. Boden and US gov are culpable.After bombing the #Jabalia Refugee Camp yesterday killing hundreds, Israel bombed it again today as rescue workers tried to save those still alive buried in the rubble. The US is complicit in war crimes. Its time to force a #ceasefireNOW - Biden and Blinken must step down.UN expert: ""Gaza is complete and utter carnage"". He said its the worst thing hes ever seen. Israel is perpetrating the worst humanitarian crisis in modern times, aided and abetted by Joe Biden and the US government. No, a ""pause"" is not enough. We need a full #CeasefireNOW.Its been 202 days since 6 year old Hind Rajab was murdered by Israeli forces firing 335 rounds into her familys car in Gaza City as she cowered on the phone with emergency services waiting for an ambulance that never came, surrounded by the bodies of her 6 dead relatives.   Her. "
54,Democratic Party,418700,"RFK Jr: ""If you live in any of these other countries & youre gay, for example, you can be kiled for that. Israel is the only place where you have freedom. If youre a transvestite, if you have any other disident views, youd much rather be in Isreal. Isreal is going into the. Imperialists often raise the example of WWII & accusations of genocide to justify war. (E.g. incubator babies in Kuwait). But does the left have a response to the question of how to identify a Hitler-level threat, & what to do about it? Must it?  …. Watch my full exchange with RFK Jr. in which I challenge his “unconditional” support of Israel in light of the international consensus that Israel is an apartheid state.","VIDEO PREMIERE: …  ""When Israel did this whole hunt for Hamas thing, while they were attacking hospitals, it was like: well, theyre just attacking the hospital because they said they were going to do that. They called them the day before Sort of. ""What Hamas did was horrific, and they should answer for that. Now, at the same time, targeting innocent Palestinian citizens for something Hamas did is wrong. It is wrong. Turning off their electricity, taking away their water. 50% of people who live in Gaza are 15 years and. VIDEO PREMIERE NOW: ""The moral thing would be to open the Gaza Strip & allow people to go to their homes & villages & the towns from where they were thrown out. But Israel doesnt want to do that. So you have millions of people sitting in a prison, so they decided to kill them. The Ceasefire Shell Game (w/ @samhusseini)  Independent journalist Sam Husseini completely dismantles the state department narrative around the ceasefire negotiations, who’s at fault, & what the new UN report tells us about Israel’s use of rape, torture, & the Hannibal. ""The claim was that 0.002% of UNWRA had been involved in October 7th. So they defunded it. Now, more than 0.02% of the IDF has been committing war crimes way more than that. So, of course, if there were any consistency, theyd do something to the IDF. Theyd defund the IDF.This Week in Hasbara (w/ @AbbyMartin)  ""We cant forget that the Jerusalem Post run by @AviMayer, whos essentially a stenographer for the IDF hes essentially a military propagandist running one of the biggest newspapers in Israel. They had the audacity to try to discredit &. ""The court said this must happen: You, Israel must stop your offensive in Rafah period. It has nothing to do with Hamas is doing, it has nothing to do with anybody else is doing. It has nothing to do with what Israel says or doesnt say anything the court made an or the UN. "
56,Democratic Party,524700,"Just left a meaningful and important night at the @WhiteHouse celebrating Jewish History Month. Thank you @POTUS, @FLOTUS, @VP, and @SecondGentleman for including me.  Your words tonight on anti semitism were truly appreciated.  President Biden was right ""silence is complicity."". ","(1,3) To those who take the time to send me emails like this, there was a ceasefire until October 7th, when a terror group who also happened to be the governing entity of Gaza brutally attacked Israel killing over 1400, raping women, burning babies and wearing go pros to extend. For those not understanding the true size of Israel, a country surrounded by terrorists on borders who want to wipe out its existence, here it is.  It is the area in blue.   When Israel now responds in a fight for its survival, direct your anger at the terrorists who chose this.Please be vigilant.  Hamas is a terrorist group targeting all Jewish people.  Israel will finish them and Israel needs our support, but today is a day of caution for all Jewish people in the United States.Reporting is that Israel agreed to a truce last night but just wants a list of living hostages.  which Hamas wont provide to go to Cairo to ink the deal.  Based on this reporting, Hamas is blocking ceasefire & truce, not Israel.As a reminder, HAMAS IS A TERRORIST GROUP.   They could release hostages and this would end.  That has always been the case.   …. What happened to all of the discussion of the hospital that Israel entered this week?  Now that they found & presented all of the evidence that Hamas was using it for terror, is the conversation just going to stop?  Perhaps time to acknowledge Israel was right.  Lets end terror.The Hamas terrorists chose to terrorize and kill.  They chose to use Gaza.  They chose to hide out amongst the citizens and public places.  Israel is doing everything that they can to avoid civilians, but they will be eliminating Hamas from Gaza.  Direct your anger now at Hamas."
74,Democratic Party,128400,"Heres OH Gov. ADMITTING its not yet safe for residents to be in #EastPalestineOH. ""The whole goal here is to make this community safe. That cant happen overnight. You cant get all the stuff out of here overnight.""  THEN WHY WERE RESIDENTS ALLOWED BACK? WHY ARE THEY THERE NOW?. This House hearing on #EastPalestine is a complete joke.  Norfolk Southern not present.  Took half hour to bring up  WIDESPREAD residents health issues  Dr. only mentioned sore throat, headaches, & anxiety (no mention on dizziness, bloody noses, chemical burns, bronchitis). On #FourthofJuly remember:  Flint has had toxic water for 3,357 days. No one in prison 9 years later Norfolk Southern nuked #EastPalestine 5 mths ago. Residents are sick & desperate White people didnt want #DAPL in their town, so it got re-routed through Standing Rock.","My take on corporate medias ""anti-semitic"" propaganda on Columbias Gaza student protests: Ive covered protests across America: BLM, anti-pipeline, climate, healthcare, etc. ALL had elements of individuals out of synch w/ the overall message & sentiment of the protest.UNREAL: Head of the Democratic Majority for Israel Super PAC—who spent millions to bring down Bernie Sanders, Nina Turner, etc—says young voters are fleeing Biden and protesting for Palestine because they have an ""unfamiliarity with the Holocaust.""   Its actually the opposite.As a Jew, I believe “never again” means for all people and all of humanity. What Israel is currently doing to the people of Gaza is a war crime. Full stop.Truly gross that journalists report on Kamala Harris increased ""empathy"" toward Palestinians while the doctors that were forbidden from the DNC stage reveal the deliberate crimes against children Israel is perpetrating. Is because if the government and Wall Street get away with their crimes in Flint, THEY WILL USE THE SAME PLAYBOOK ELSEWHERE. Well, they are…in East Palestine and many other sacrifice zones that the media ignores as they cover Trump’s porn star payoffs 24/7 and the political…. Contamination in East Palestine. “It pisses me off” -Jenna told me when I asked about EPA saying everything is fine here. “They’re lying.” For 8 years, I have repeatedly said that the reason I have continued covering the ONGOING #FlintWaterCrisis—which tomorrow marks 10 years…. I know there’s a lot going on, but I want to remind folks what the govt & media are covering up—the latest sacrifice zone. Jenna is an 18 year old East Palestine OH resident. Before Norfolk Southern unnecessarily detonated toxic cancerous chemicals over EP, she was healthy….The Yes Queen Dem sycophants will love this. But anyone who cares about an ongoing genocide should be disgusted by this.Pro-Palestine protesters just disrupted Kamalas speech in Michigan.  Her response: ""If you want Donald Trump to win say that. Otherwise, I’m speaking.”. "
52,Democratic Party,1400000,"Leader Schumer: ""When the former President of the United States welcomes at his own dinner table several vicious antisemites and then, rather than apologize, he lectures American Jewish leaders for insufficient loyalty — it is incumbent on all of us to speak out."". ","Breaking: Israels government has approved the outline of a deal to secure the release of some hostages held by Hamas.President Biden says Israels conduct in Gaza has been ""over the top."". Sen. Raphael Warnock is now calling for a ceasefire in Gaza.CAIRO (AP) — Hamas announces it has accepted an Egyptian-Qatari cease-fire proposal.BREAKING. Vice President Harris on Israel-Gaza:  ""Israel has a right to defend itself, and how it does so matters.""  ""The images of dead children and desperate, hungry people fleeing for safety, sometimes displaced for the second, third or fourth time — we cannot look away in the. According to the White House, President Biden spoke by phone with the family of the two Americans released today after being taken hostage by Hamas.The U.K. government has reversed its opposition to the International Criminal Court seeking an arrest warrant against Israeli PM Benjamin Netanyahu.Trump ranted last night about Gov. Josh Shapiro — calling him ""the highly overrated Jewish Governor"" and claiming he has done ""nothing for Israel.""  In response, White House spokesman Herbie Ziskend says: ""It is Antisemitic, dangerous, and hurtful to attack a fellow American by. Breaking:  WASHINGTON (AP) — Biden says Im not supplying the weapons if Israel launches assault on Gazas Rafah, after US paused bomb shipment.Vice President Harris: ""President Biden and I are working to end this war such that Israel is secure, the hostages are released, the suffering in Gaza ends, and the Palestinian people can realize their right to dignity. Security. Freedom. And self-determination."". TEL AVIV, Israel (AP) - Israels military says Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah was killed in Beirut strike.The United Center breaks out in chants of Bring Them Home as the parents of Hersh Goldberg-Polin, an American hostage held by Hamas, speak at the DNC."
88,Democratic Party,1100000,"congratulations to the literally zero Republicans who have stood up to denounce Donald Trumps attack on American Jews. take a victory lap, you spineless fucking cowards. holy fucking shit, criticizing Israel is not antisemitic. what IS antisemitic is putting a holocaust-denying lunatic who thinks Jews control the weather on the Homeland Security Committee. sit the fuck down and shut the fuck up and spare us your fucking fake outrage. ","I wrote a thing: ""oh look, the antisemites are now pretending to give a shit about antisemitism."" thanks for reading, and please sign onto my FREE mailing list to make sure you never miss a post —. seems like a good day to repost this thing I wrote back in December — oh look, the “Jews will not replace us” crowd is now pretending to give a shit about antisemitism. hey, remember when you phoned up your despot bestie Netanyahu and told him not to accept a cease fire deal? ace job, homeslice. good thing your meddling caused no serious consequences, am I right. "
15,Democratic Party,143400,"The Georgia House is about to vote on a measure to treat attacks fueled by antisemitism as a hate crime. It gained new traction after flyers denigrating Jewish people were found in the driveways of state Rep. Esther Panitch, D-Sandy Springs, and other Jewish leaders. #gapol. U.S. Sen. Jon @Ossoff is set to deliver keynote remarks this weekend at a unity rally hosted by a Macon synagogue that was one of two Georgia congregations recently targeted with antisemitic attacks by a group of Neo-Nazis. #gapol #gasen …. The Jolt: The cretins who distributed antisemitic flyers to dozens of metro Atlanta homes over the weekend may have inadvertently helped advocates push a long-sought legal protection for Jewish people. #gapol …. ","A large crowd gathered at Georgia Tech today to rally for Jewish students who feel threatened by recent campus demonstrations. Similar rallies are being held all over Georgia campuses now.Biden’s speech ends after he speaks of the Israel-Hamas war in broad terms, saying the conflict is “heartbreaking” and that he’s working to bring it to an end. His address is well received by students, alumni and their families — who cheer as he’s given an honorary degree.The VP briefly addressed the growing conflict in the Middle East after Israel retaliated for rocket attacks by targeting a Hezbollah commander.Democratic @SenOssoff, the first Jewish US senator in Georgia history, condemns the “indiscriminate and murderous assault on our Israel allies.” #gapol #gasen. Thousands are gathering right now in Sandy Springs, Ga. in support of Israel after the Hamas terror attack over the weekend. I’ve seen more than a dozen lawmakers, city and state officials, and community leaders in the crowd. It’s one of the biggest pro-Israel rallies in the US.At @KLoeffler’s Greater Georgia gala, @GovKemp says he talked to the head of the public safety department last night about pro-Palestinian protesters in other cities who blocked roads and bridges. His message: If they do that here, “lock their ass up.” #gapol. "
75,Other,222100,"Just over a month ago, the train derailment in East Palestine, Ohio caused metric tons of toxic chemicals to spew into the air and water.   Many locals are already suffering health issues as a result, and tens of thousands pets and wildlife have been reported dead.I am infinitely more concerned with the raging chemical fire in East Palestine OH then I am with NORAD playing whack-a-mole with balloons.Jew here.  Words mean things.  When everything is called antisemitic, it helps provide cover for actual antisemitism.","""Hamas, to my great regret, is Israel’s creation.""  These are the words of Avner Cohen, a former Israeli religious affairs official who worked in Gaza for decades.  As you watch the death and destruction that is currently unfolding in Israel and Palestine, its important for you. Jewish organizations such as If Not Now and Jewish Voices for Peace have been organizing rallies across the US calling for a ceasefire in Gaza.  The head of the ADL has called these Jewish groups ""hate groups"" and accused them of ""antisemitism"".  The ADL is defaming Jews.  Even. As recently as 2020, the Israeli government was begging Arab governments to continue funding Hamas.  Ask yourself why theyd do that.  Ask yourself why the most secure border on earth fell to people on paragliders.  Consider who this war benefits:  - Netanyahu, whose corruption. For the people who read this, and somehow think Im defending Hamas, or defending the killing of innocent Israelis, or claiming the killing didnt happen, or some other nonsense that I never said or implied:. "
67,Other,570400,"If you were on a mission to create more antisemitism in this country, you couldn’t do a better job than the ADL.Isn’t it crazy that almost no one in the political or media class talk about radical Islamic terrorism anymore. There’s no concern about it, and yet every emergency power that the government took in the name of terrorism, DHL, TSA, Patriot act, is just part of America now.You cannot possibly compare NATOs interventions to Russias invasions. It requires both a deliberate ignorance of the scale and to deliberately ignore the history of Russian genocide in Ukraine.  Dont deliberately ignore the history of Russian genocide in Ukraine.","As the Israeli assault on Gaza becomes even more transparently indefensible, I’d like to take on the three main “justifications” that I get the most.  1) They have to finish the job! Hamas must be defeated!  The obvious moral hypocrisy of believing that you are justified in. It’s pretty amazing. I’ve spent the last week talking about the conditions that led to the Hamas terrorist attack, mainly Israel’s occupation and Israel’s support of Hamas. I’ve been speaking out against the current war, where over a million children’s lives hang in the balance.The Hamas attack on Israel was horrific, criminal and so stupid. It guarantees further suffering for their own people.  The problem in America is that most people have a simplistic view of the situation that is completely removed from reality. They assume normal relations and. I see a lot of critics of Israel, who I respect very much, celebrating the ICJ ruling. It seems to me that they totally bitched out. They could have ordered an immediate ceasefire and instead they told Israel to make sure they don’t do anymore genocide and that they have a. Obviously the story of the day is Biden’s monumentally disastrous performance, and it should be, but can we take a moment to appreciate how unbelievably awful and cowardly Trump’s take on Israel was?  Seriously? Joe Biden, the life long Zionist who is currently funding the. I have admired many aspects of RFK’s campaign. His opposition to Covid tyranny, vax mandates, the Ukraine war and the deep state have been nothing short of heroic.   However, his support for the war in Gaza is disqualifying. We are THE antiwar, non-interventionist party and. Is there a dumber or more pathetically dishonest argument than @RabbiBarclay ‘s here?  What the hell does “self hating” even mean? I don’t hate myself. I’m awesome.  Jews are a people. Israel is a government. I can believe that what Israel is doing, and has done, to the. If anyone spoke this way about Israeli children as they were being slaughtered what would your reaction be?. One of the quickest IQ tests on Twitter is when you make a logical analogy and someone responds with “those two situations aren’t exactly the same!”  Also, this guy just compared Hamas to the Nazis. See “DIFFERENT” is ok when you’re justifying the mass slaughter of babies.Oh my god! Right after rigging the 2016 election, installing Trump, creating the Hunter Biden lap top, and blowing up the Nord stream pipeline, Putin ordered Hamas to invade Israel. It all makes perfect sense!. Consider the possibility that Putin conspired with Hamas to create the distraction.Seriously? No, not at all. Sabotaging the peace process and then propping up a terrorist organization so that you never have to resume that process is not “funding to become independent” it’s the opposite. And no, they do not share any similarities.Whats the difference between a ""poison pill"" as described here and giving Gaza funding to become independent while expecting they will fail? Dont they look and sound the same?. "
21,Other,628500,"The U.S. is doing what it always does, terrorize the world for corporate profits.   Here Seymour Hersh explains EXACTLY how the United States blew up The Nord Stream pipeline so US companies could sell more Natural Gas to Europe.    Were The Terrorists.  …. ","Of COURSE! They hypocrisy of the Pro Ukraine Nazis and the Pro Israel crowd is astounding.What would be weird is if  you weren’t being paid to support genocide & slaughter of your enemies children. You doing that for free are you? Bravo.Is Hamas paying you now?. This is AMAZING. Watch as Trumps says it is not the Palestinians blocking peace, but   Netanyahu that doesnt want to make a  deal  & is BLOCKING A PEACE DEAL.   This confirms everyones suspicions that Netanyahus plan all along was to wipe out the Palestinians, move those that. The JIMMY DORE SHOW Is Live! NOW!  Israel’s Brutal Response On Gaza! MORE Covid Censorship!  Featuring Dr. Peter McCullough @PMcCulloughMD, Jackson Hinkle @jacksonhinklle,  Kurt Metzger @KurtMetzger & Stef Zamorano @MiserableLib  EXCLUSIVELY ON RUMBLE!  …. It’s been like this since 1948, but modern day Zionists are such depraved blood thirsty maniacs that even Americans are waking up:. Here’s how Israel deals with Jews in Israel protesting against the Israel government.The JIMMY DORE SHOW Is Live! NOW!  Hamas Stages Brazen Attack Inside Israel!  Netanyahu Declares War on Gaza!   Featuring Norman Finkelstein @normfinkelstein, Kurt Metzger @KurtMetzger & Mischa Paullin @mickmackpaullin  Now streaming on Rumble, YouTube & Rokfin!. "
23,Other,361300,"Jimmy Dore calling out @RobertKennedyJr on his refusal to stand up to Israel:  “Why is it that you can stand up to the military industrial complex, you can stand up to Big Pharma, you can stand up to your own party, but you cant stand up to Israel?"". ","You cannot occupy, colonize, and steal people’s land and then expect peace.  You kill peace the moment you subjugate an entire group of people.  Conversely, you create peace when all people are liberated and free.  #Israel #FreePalestine #EndApartheid. "
63,Other,143800,Over 160 Palestinians killed by Israeli forces this year alone meanwhile the Nazi supporting west is silent. Good. Israel should not exist. Get rekt Zionists. ,"Israel commits crime of the century as they slaughter Palestinians in Rafah  Zionism is currently the most barbaric ideology in the world. Israeli settlers are attacking and lynching Palestinians in the West Bank   Every single adult Israeli is a willing agent and tool of colonialism. Violent Israeli settlers were committing so many terrorist acts on Palestinians in the west bank that the United States is revoking their visas   Everything Zionists accuse Palestinians of is pure projection. Israeli settlers are terrorists. Israel announces war crimes and atrocities are planned for Gaza  Critical support for the Palestinians  #FreePalestine. Weird how the media pretended Hamas targeted civilians on Oct 7th, but now it comes out all their victims where military personnel while the IDF killed Israeli civilians. What the corporate media and their shills will never tell you   Hamas is NOT the terrorist group in this conflict  Israel is the party that has been out of compliance under International Law for YEARS  They are only protected by the United States veto power.   Palestinians. “The United States is controlling the war in Gaza, and it is the United States that must pay the price for the crimes perpetrated by the Israelis in Gaza and by the Americans in Iraq and elsewhere.”  Address by Hezbollah Chief Nasrallah that was viewed by millions around the. SHOCKING POLL: Majority of White Evangelical Christians and Jewish Americans support a ceasefire   Israel has completely lost the propaganda war. Bombshell UN report exposes how Israel uses sexual violence as a tool of war against Palestinian women and children   Everything Israel accuses Hamas of is pure projection. Israel are the terrorists, not Hamas. United States weapons were used during Israel’s massacre in Rafah   It’s a crime against humanity that the ICC hasn’t issued an arrest warrant for Joe Biden and Antony Blinken. "
29,Republican Party,54500,"Im sorry but the Democrats you voted for are the reason for the Crime Bill.  The Dems You voted for are the reason for the funding for more cops.  The Dems you voted for are funding the Palestinian genocide. The GOP doesnt care and funded it, too. None of them care.","Supporting genocide & illegal occupation is not progressive no matter how you spin it. Attempting to Both sides an extermination shows how youre either 1. Ignorant of the history & nuance of whats going on or 2. Purposefully trying to ride the fence to avoid angering Zionists. ""The governments may be with Israel but the streets are with Palestine""- @tex. Just a small sampling of ppl flooding Washington DC in largest #FreePalestine march in U.S. history. To all the people going to free Palestine marches and rallies this weekend.  Please stay safe, ignore the Zionists and make as much noise as you can. Network! Get to know others and build connections to help your community. Talk about the link between Zionism and capitalism.ATTENTION: The narrative that we have seen from  is that crimes were committed by  and it all started on October 7th. Heres proof that it started LONG before that day, narrated by Benjamin Netanyahu and Michael Rapaport. Share this with everyone willing to listen to see the. This should be abundantly clear: HAMAS WOULDNT EXIST IF IT WERENT FOR THE ILLEGAL OCCUPATION OF PALESTINE  If you want to get rid of Hamas, end the ILLEGAL occupation.Everyone is talking about a ceasefire which is a step in the right direction.  But what we NEED to talk about is a cease-OCCUPATION. Also.  Israel now owes reparations to Palestinians for their crimes against them. Palestine has the right to defend itself and RESIST occupation!. If Israel didnt commit genocide then let the process in the ICJ prove it.  Why yall so defensive?. Are you willing to condemn Israel for the deaths of over 7000 innocent people, including hundreds  of babies?. His death certificate was issued before his birth. His name is Uday Abu Mohsen, he is only one day old. #Gaza. A ceasefire is not good enough.  They deserve the right to return and reclaim their land.It has officially been 76 years that this illegal occupation happened. Today is the anniversary of the ""Nakba"". We cannot allow this genocide to continue to year 77."
46,Republican Party,328900,#NeverForget #NeverForgive   No plea deals for 9/11 terrorists!. ,"Homes and businesses in France being are marked for Jewish occupants.  We are witnessing a modern day holocaust, and unfortunately, the enemies of Israel and Jews around the world, have saturated western communities, while our FBI and DOJ were targeting PTAs and churches.#Hamas is the new #ISIS and should be treated as such.Iran, and the Iraqi militia Al-Hashd al-Shabbi proclaims they are with the Hamas terrorists!  Our CIA/DOJ/FBI better be working overtime here at home because the chameleon radical Muslims already in the United States, are planning their next moves.I love how state leaders in the Arab region are calling for restraint, and refuse to denounce the initial attacks on Israel.  Having lived and worked in the Middle East for more than 10 years, I can promise you, if the tables were reversed, and it was them, there would be hell to. "
50,Republican Party,2700000,"Leftists in Israel trying to destroy conservative government through ""protests"" for daring to slightly constrain radical left judiciary power grabs.Biden gang walks back claim drone strike killed senior al-Qaeda leader  ""U.S. military officials are walking back claims that a recent strike in Syria killed an influential al-Qaeda figure, following assertions by the dead man’s family that he had no ties to terrorists but was a. Bush admin allowed 9/11-connected terrorist to speak at Pentagon!  … …. Leftist-run NY Times and WaPo Continue Smear Campaign Against Orthodox Jews As Antisemitic Hate Crimes Surge. ","Black for Palestine: Meet Rashida Tlaibs favorite Israel-hating group with terror ties …. ""On Tuesday night, protesters vandalized the homes of Brooklyn Museum Jewish board members and the co-op building of museum director Anne Pasternak. The vandals marked the doors of their homes with upside down red triangles, a symbol used by the al-Qassam brigades, the military. ""Hamas started the war with a massacre, took these hostages and hid them in a crowded civilian area. Then, when Israel came to free them, Hamas responded with heavy fire, including RPGs—yet people are condemning Israel. It makes us wonder if the West has lost the moral. UPDATE: Death Toll from Hamas Terrorist Attack Rises to Over 700 – At Least 260 Young People Were Slaughtered at Dance Party in Desert … #gatewaypundit via @gatewaypundit. Less than a month after Biden admin trades with terrorists for American hostages in Iran by releasing billions, Iran front-group Hamas launches terrorist war on Israel.Terrorists Separate Mother from Daughter in Hostage Release; Emily Hand, 9, is Free … via @BreitbartNews. You Are Quite Openly Jewish. This is a Pro-Palestinian March.Hamas Terrorist Leaders: Our Goal Is Establishment Of Global Islamic Caliphate, Not Just Liberation Of Palestine #MEMRI. Six murdered hostages were found in Rafah, the Gaza city Biden and Harris worked so hard to prevent Israel from entering. … via @WSJopinion. America’s Invisible Hostage Crisis ""On Oct. 7, 2023, Hamas killed more than 30 American citizens and took as many as a dozen Americans hostage. Of those who were taken, at least two have been murdered. Five, we pray, are still alive. Do you know any of their names? Have you seen. "
40,Republican Party,4900000,"Harmeet laid out the possible legal options for the residents of East Palestine, OH, who were sickened due to possible negligence of Norfolk Southern and gov’t officials.Angle: East Palestine residents are still begging for answers while being forced to live in a cloud of uncertainty and fear.",Anti-Israel protesters descend upon Met Gala. Adam Guillette: Anti-Israel mobs on campuses are Ivy league radicals and fools. Sen. Hawley mobbed by anti-Israel agitators in Senate hallway.Israel is willing to do what we would do: John Ratcliffe. Hamas attack survivor: I feel more protected in Israel than I feel here.Netanyahu foreign policy adviser: Hamas will be dismantled.Mike Pompeo: Hamas will be the recipient of this aid. 
45,Republican Party,6700000,East Palestine Mayor Trent Conaway: I really feel for our residents. Pothole Pete finally says he will travel to East Palestine. Hannity Grills Ramaswamy Denying He Said Aid to Israel Would Stop in 2028: ‘You Want Me to Read It?’. ,"Hamas Official Ghazi Hamad: We Will Repeat the October 7 Attack Time and Again Until Israel Is Annihilated. Israel forensic team says victims were abused, tortured, burned alive. Israeli officials: Hamas reported cease-fire deal is a ‘deception’. WERE NOT GONNA TAKE IT!: Pro-Israel Protesters Gather Outside Columbia, Push Back Against Antisemitism WATCH. Fox News: Hamas Planned for the Aftermath of Israel’s Invasion of Gaza as They Planned for the October 7th Terror Attacks. Hamas Leader Ismail Haniyeh Killed After Residence Hit in Tehran. DECEPTION: IDF Says Ceasefire Deal Not Approved by Israel, is Softened Deal; Report. Were not going to take it anymore: Pro-Israel protesters gather outside Columbia. EVIL DEAD: Hamas Leader Haniyeh Assassinated in Tehran, Iran Vows Revenge. "
92,Republican Party,3600000,"MUST WATCH: Senator JD Vance visits a creek flowing near the East Palestine train derailment and chemical burn. See what happens when he drags a stick along the creek bed.An East Palestine womans chickens all die following the controlled burn and train derailment.   Whats going on?. East Palestine, Ohio’s latest tourism video. Everything is fine!. Joy Behar says the residents of East Palestine got what they deserved because they voted for Trump.   For the record, this is 1000x worse than anything Don Lemon said. Will she be kicked off her show and forced to undergo sensitivy training?. ","BREAKING: Lebanon’s state-run National News Agency claims an Israeli drone strike in Southern Lebanon has killed top Hamas official, Saleh Arouri.  Even before Oct 7, Netanyahu had threatened to kill Arouri who was one of the founders of Hamas’ military wing and led the group’s. Six days after Oct. 7th, I went on the PBD Podcast and asked a series of questions about what Israeli intelligence failures happened that allowed Hamas to massacre 1,200 civilians. The clip went viral and I was attacked as an antisemite and called worse than a ""Holocaust denier."". BREAKING: According to AP, Hamas has told Qatar and Egyptian mediators that it will accept terms of a ceasefire and prisoner swap with Israel. This comes as Israel was preparing a ground siege on Rafah, the last Hamas stronghold in Gaza.70 percent of Gazans say that peaceful coexistence with Israel is unacceptable; only genocide and destruction of Israel, “from the river to the sea,” is enough.  This, more than anything else, is why the war in Gaza happened.Son of Hamas leader, Mosab Hassan Yousef, denounced Hamas and converted to Christianity after witnessing their savagery:   ""They dont care for the Palestinian people. They dont regard human life. I saw their brutality firsthand If they succeed in destroying Israel and. Yayha Sinwar, the head of Hamas in Gaza, took time out of an interview to pander to the left over “the racist murder of George Floyd.”  A week ago I was ridiculed for linking the poisonous ideologies of Hamas and BLM. But at heart they are the same hateful ideologies. Both rely. Hundreds of Israelis dead and injured. 50+ Israeli hostages. Hamas militias killing innocents in their homes, 2,200 missiles launched in an unprovoked, surprise attack.   MSNBC: ""I couldn’t think of a better gift for Benjamin Netanyahu right now than this kind of incursion. "". "
43,Republican Party,7000000,"I mean look at this vile shit from the NYT. Israels military killed TERRORISTS. Palestinian terrorists killed SYNAGOGUE ATTENDEES. To the NYT, its all just a cycle of violence:. This is all part of a broader Leftist narrative that its the new right-wing Israeli government ""raising risk of escalation"" when 13-year-old terrorists shoot people going to synagogue, Hamas cheers, and the PA cuts off security cooperation. Look at this pathetic NYT headline:. I met this Israeli soldier while taking a tour of the Western Wall tunnels. It turns out he turns weapons of war into meaningful art.A Palestinian Arab murders seven Jews going to synagogue in Jerusalem, the historic capital of the Jewish people.  Many Palestinians celebrate. Hamas takes credit.   Media response: This is a cycle of violence. After all, Jews WERE going to shul in Jerusalem.The juxtaposition of rabid anti-Semite Rashida Tlaib attempting to perform a ""Nakba Day"" lamenting the existence of the State of Israel while Hamas fires missiles into the heart of Tel Aviv is pretty clarifying.Youre telling me -- not Bernie Sanders, who is making kissy-face with Rashida Tlaib over an event declaring Israels creation a disaster WHILE ROCKETS FALL ON TEL AVIV -- that its antisemitic to call out Bernies anti-Jewish garbage? GFY.","This has been true since Hamas took over. In 2014 there were widespread reports of reporters being threatened or expelled for reporting that al-Shifa hospital was in fact a Hamas base. Reporters then hid their own reports to retain residency in Gaza.Incredible that the Lefts response to Americans cheering to free American hostages held by the terrorist group Hamas (which denies a ceasefire), is that a Palestinian must speak in order to rip into the American ally Israel fighting to free those American hostages. Was supremely moved by this speech, which was searing and compassionate. Also seems essential to include a Palestinian speaker to the convention.   …. These pro-Hamas protests are being fostered by the faculty and patted on the head by the administration. Thats because these colleges have been completely eaten by the evil intersectional ideology that crosses streams with Jew-hatred.We ought to have sympathy for both. And we ought to recognize that both are dead because of Hamas.If you feel no sympathy for innocent Israelis murdered or kidnapped by Hamas terrorists last weekend, you have no humanity.  If you feel no sympathy for innocent Palestinians killed in Israels revenge attacks on Gaza, you have no humanity.  Be human.The predictable results of Bidens disgusting weapons cut-off threat: 1. Hamas refuses any deal. The hostages, including Americans, remain. Hamas knows theyve got Biden on their side. 2. Israel MUST go into Rafah because of (1).  3. Biden is cutting off targeted munitions, which. The Houthi slogan: ""Allahu Akbar, Death to America, Death to Israel, A Curse Upon the Jews, Victory to Islam.""  Biden cut off arms sales for Saudi against them and removed the Houthis terrorist designation in 2021, then started negotiating with Iran.  All that worked out great.The Biden administration is now effectively preparing to make aid to Israel contingent on. unspecified changes to Israeli policy. Which means that Israel can do little or nothing to appease the White House. Hamas is now in control of the Biden administration.Blinken: Were close to a deal! Hamas: Nope. Blinken: The deal isnt dead! Hamas: ::sends suicide bomber to Tel Aviv:: Blinken: We can still make a deal!  The WH is trying to delay action beyond the DNC. In doing so, its telegraphing weakness to Iran, Hezbollah, and Hamas.This creates a catch-22. If Israel does not defend itself, Israel is destroyed. If Israel does defend itself while Hamas hides behind civilians, the media blast out these images. So what, precisely, is Israel supposed to do? World opinion will not govern Jewish survival.People need to understand how the Arab and Muslim world is digesting these images.  You might say, “they’ve always been against Israel; I don’t care,” but that’s foolish.  Support can shift from being non-existent to very aggressive opposition on a broad scale in a short time.If the Israeli security cabinet approves a temporary pause in order to return some of the hostages, the world will undoubtedly take this as the first step toward cessation of hostilities. Nope. Israels mission will not and should not change: the utter destruction of Hamas.The word ""evil"" is not descriptive enough for Hamas. They murdered in cold blood six people they had taken hostage almost a year ago, including an American, just days ago -- all in an attempt to sow seeds of political chaos. A few points:  1. Hamas must be extirpated. It is the. Israel will use care to avoid civilian casualties. Hamas will maximize those casualties. Israel must achieve its aim of deposing Hamas. Every ounce of blood spilled is on Hamas hands.Israel: Wed like our hostages back. Hamas: Our counteroffer is that you get back their corpses and permanently end your war against us. NYT: Small changes to the deal proposed. As every single person knows, this ends when Hamas surrenders. But Hamas wont surrender. Because theyre counting on useful idiots to preserve their power. Hamas seeks Palestinian suffering.Israel’s pager attack in Lebanon detonated thousands of handheld devices across of a slew of public spaces, seriously injuring and killing innocent civilians.  This attack clearly and unequivocally violates international humanitarian law and undermines US efforts to prevent a. So in their expert opinion, Israel should hand over territory to the Palestinians, who will then hold elections to determine who will govern them.  OH WAIT ISRAEL DID THAT IN GAZA IN 2005, AND THEY ELECTED HAMAS, AND THEN THERE WAS OCTOBER 7.  Fing morons.Once again, the images from Gaza are awful and heartbreaking and entirely the fault of Hamas. The minute Hamas gives up the hostages and surrenders, this is all over. Everyone knows it. And everyone calling for a ceasefire is doing Hamas dirty work.Netanyahus democratically-elected unity government includes his chief center-left political rival, Benny Gantz. Nearly 250 IDF soldiers have been killed going door-to-door to protect civilians. Dictator Assad used chemical weapons on civilians. This comparison is asinine.Israel under Netanyahu is not really different than Syria under Assad -- a brutal government trying to protect an endangered Middle Eastern religious minority group by convincing everyone that its too savage and ruthless to mess with.  …. Now that hes the political leader of Hamas, that means when his obituary is written, well learn he was actually a moderate voice in favor of a ceasefire according to WaPo and NYT. No shit. Thats what happens when Hamas rejects the ceasefire offer and asks Hezbollah to go hot.Politico : Senior US officials say the ceasefire deal is on the verge of collapse.Agreed. This is precisely why Palestinian civilians in Gaza should listen to Israels warnings and leave target areas -- and it is also precisely why Hamas is telling them not to do so.They said this BEFORE Israel took Rafah. They said this BEFORE Israel took the Philadelphia Corridor. They said this BEFORE Israel killed Deif, Haniyeh, and Shukr. So Id take their military opinions with a Dead Sea-worth of salt.Hamas does not have the capacity anymore for serious offensive action. But theyve roped Iran and Hezbollah into sympathy action that neither Iran nor Hezbollah can afford. Iran and Hezbollah are desperately attempting to get to a ceasefire offramp so they can claim that they. #BREAKING Hamas claims to have fired two rockets at Tel Aviv.  Residents report hearing explosions.Remember, the obstacle to peace in the Middle East is very simple: Palestinian rejection of Israel, and heartfelt support for murderous terrorism. The supposedly ""moderate"" Palestinian Authority has now formed a unity government with HAMAS."
96,Republican Party,201800000,"The New York Times actually has the nerve to support calls for genocide! If ever there was a time to cancel that publication, it is now.  You can read their articles for free anyway using .Artificial intelligence discussion with PM Netanyahu in an hour. I look forward to speaking at 9:15  (19:15 Israel time) on X with @elonmusk about how we can harness the opportunities and mitigate the risks of AI for the good of civilization.Because the answer is “Yes!” regarding seeking donations, hence JG’s refusal to answer the question.   JG instead went on the attack, implying that Sorkin, despite being Jewish, is somehow an anti-Semite just for asking a basic conflict-of-interest question!. ","Khamenei’s official position is clear that the eradication of Israel is the actual goal, not just supporting Palestinians.  That will not happen. All that actually happens, decade after decade, is a never-ending cycle of violence and vengeance.  Stoking the fires of hatred isn’t. Starlink is now active in a Gaza hospital with the support of @UAEmediaoffice and @Israel. If you teach that “weak makes right”, then the perceived stronger party – in this case, Israel – is wrong.  Morals should be taught in the absolute, meaning that it is possible for either the strong or weak to be morally good, depending on their actions.Yes, “decolonization” necessarily implies a Jewish genocide, thus it is unacceptable to any reasonable person. This was a tough call.   While many government leaders, including in the USA, do call for killing people, we have a “UN exemption rule”; if a government is recognized by the UN, we will not suspend their accounts.  Hamas is not recognized as a government by the UN, so was. Starlink will support connectivity to internationally recognized aid organizations in Gaza.   ComStar. "
26,Republican Party,127900,"I can’t. Fuck.   #FuckIsrael #FreePalestine. The cruelty  An israeli guard executed an autistic Palestinian named Eyad Hallaq.  The israeli guard shot him in the leg, chased him to a garbage room, then fired 3 more bullets in his chest with an M16.  Eyads mother screams as the israeli court lets her sons killer walk free. Remember when our “ally” Israel bombed the airport in Aleppo immediately following the earthquakes making it impossible for life saving aid to get to the victims?   Shut the fuck up and leave Syria alone.I’m an American and I do NOT support Israel. They are absolutely a racist and apartheid state. My government does not speak for me.   #FreePalestine #FuckIsrael. Watching people pretend like their team hasn’t had a hand in what’s happening in East Palestine is so frustrating. Y’all. They ALL suck. Not a single one of them give a fuck about us. Sooner we realize that and come together to deal with our common enemy, the better.","It shouldn’t escape anyone that on Holocaust Remembrance Day Zionists are bombing the fuck out of hundreds of thousands of completely defenseless civilians living in tents in a refugee camp. They’re likely hoping you won’t call them out, out of respect. Zionists deserve ZERO. Israel wasn’t attacked. Israel isn’t real. The occupiers of Palestine were attacked.Israel has targeted and murdered over 130 journalists in the past 9 months.   Fuck Israel.People trying to make genocide about any other issue except the genocide need to shut the fuck up. It’s not about gay rights. Or trans rights. Or covid. Or women’s rights. Or anything other than Israel is slaughtering innocent civilians en masse for the purpose of eliminating the. “But more people will die”  Palestinians BEEN dying. And that’s not going to stop. The fact that there are people who think they should just sit around and continue to take it blows my mind. There’s only one aggressor and occupier here. And it ain’t Palestine.You don’t end Hamas by slaughtering a bunch of innocent people. That’s how you recruit for Hamas.Let’s start a thread of all the times high level Israeli officials, affiliates, and proxies have openly called for genocide. Drop em here. Israel bombed homes. Israel bombed schools. Israel bombed hospitals. Israel bombed churches. Israel bombed evacuees. Israel bombed journalists. Israel bombed UN workers.  But they want you to believe Israel is “good” and Palestinians are “evil.”. Israel bombed homes. Israel bombed schools. Israel bombed hospitals. Israel bombed churches. Israel bombed evacuees. Israel bombed journalists. Israel bombed UN workers.  But they want you to believe Israel is “good” and Palestinians are “evil.” x.com/Kahlissee/stat…. Israel has targeted and murdered over 130 journalists in the past 9 months.   Fuck Israel. …. "
